[Autogenerated] Now I will explain the demo application that
will be working on throughout this course.
First, I'll show you what it's about and what it looks like,
and then I'll explain how it's put together.
The demo consists of an application for registering attendees
for the conference off a fictional company,
Globomantics.
If you have done more Java and spring courses on Pluralsight,
you might recognize it,
since it's one of the scenarios that multiple authors use for their courses.
When you run the application and navigate to it using your browser,
you'll get a page where you can choose a take a type and enter your
contact information when you click the register button.
The application process is your registration and shows you a thank you page.
That's all there is to the user interface.
But more important is, of course,
how it works and how it uses spring integration.
Let's take a look under the hood when you take a look at
the first example project in your IDE.
You'll see that it's a multi module maven project
that consists off four modules.
First, there's the front end, which is in the web module.
This is a small and simple spring boot web application.
It contains the registration and thank you pages and the spring web
MVC Controller in Class Registration controller.
When a user submits the registration,
the submit method off glass registration controller will be called.
This method performs validation and then passes the registration to the back end
by performing an HTTP request using a spring rest template.
Next, there is the back end,
which is the most interesting part in the service module.
This is a spring boot and spring integration application.
When you take a look at the main application class,
which is class Globomantics service application,
you will see that it has an import resource annotation to import
a spring integration XML configuration file.
Let's take a look at that file to see how spring integration is used here.
It starts with an HTTP inbound general adapter,
which is configured to respond to post requests on the path slash register.
When it receives a request,
it converts the body of the request to Annette and registration object and
sends it to a channel named Registration Request channel.
Note that if no error occurs,
the service will respond with HTTP status code to to accepted,
which means that the request has been accepted for asynchronous processing.
The registration request General is an executed channel
because it has a task executable configured.
This task executable will start a number off threats that will be used to
call components that receive messages from the channel.
The next component is a service activator,
which calls the register method of the registration service.
Let's take a look at class registration service and then come back to
the rest of the spring integration configuration,
the main job off the registration services.
To save the registration in a database,
The register method creates an at and and at and ticket
object and saves them in the database,
and then creates and returns a registration event
object for working with the database.
The application uses Spring data, J.
P A.
The Entity classes and Spring Data.
JPA repository interfaces are defined in the package
Kong Pluralsight Demo database.
To keep it simple,
the application is configured to use an in memory age to database.
When you have the back and running,
you can take a look at what's in the database by navigating to
local host Port 80 81 slash h two dash control.
Use the J D B C u r l J D B c H two ma'am Globomantics with
username s a and no password to log in off course.
Since it's an in memory database,
it won't be available when the back and is not running.
And when you stop and restart the back and the
content of the database will be lost,
let's now go back to the spring Integration configuration file.
The registration Service returns the Registration event Object,
which is sent to a published subscribed channel
named Registration Event Channel.
There are two components that subscribe to this channel.
First, there's the confirmation mail chain,
which prepares and sends an email to the at and containing
a confirmation off the registration.
Second, the building.
Jane uses an HTTP outbound channel adapter to send an http request to
the building system to trigger it to build yet and for the registration
to summarize and give you a good our view.
Here's a picture off the architecture of the application the
front and serves the registration page.
And when user submits the registration,
it sends the registration to the back and fire on.
HTTP request in the back end and HTTP inbound channel adapter receives
the request and sends it to the registration request.
General,
a service activator calls the registration service to
save the registration in the database.
The registration service returns the registration event,
which is sent to a publish.
Subscribe General two components error subscribe to this channel,
which will send a confirmation email to the at and
and trigger the billing system.
Note that I have deliberately left out some things
in order to keep the demo simple.
For example, I haven't paid much attention to error handling that would,
of course, be imported in a real application,
and we'll get back to that in some off the demos.
In this course, there are two more modules in the project,
but those error both very simple.
The building module is just to stop implementation off the building system.
It contains a minimal spring boot to have application
that listens for requests on Port 80 83.
The only thing it does is sprint out a lock message when it receives a request.
Finally,
the module named Model contains data transfer object classes that are
used by the other modules to run the complete demo.
You will need to start the front and back and and building applications,
and you will also need a mail server.
An easy way to get a mail server running is by starting
green meal in a docker container.
Greenmail is a simple mail server written in Java
meant for development and testing.
You can create and start a docker container that runs
greenmail with the following command.
With the Docker PS, you can verify that it's running.
You can stop the container with Docker,
stop greenmail and restart it again with Docker.
Start greenmail to start the billing front and then back and applications.
You can use maven with the minus.
B L Option and the name of the module and spring would run from the
project directory in three terminal windows or taps.
Alternatively, you could run them from your IDE.
IntelliJ has a nice services view that makes it easy to start and stop
spring boot applications and also Docker containers.
When you have entered the registration,
you can use curl commands to see what's in the inbox off the mail server.
I won't show that in detail here,
but it's explained in the Read Me file that's included with the example project.
Take a look at the example Project.
Make sure that you understand how it works and get it running on your own system.